feat: Add advanced button component (#2742)
flame-engine/flame: doc/flame/inputs/other_inputs.md

Flame has a separate plugin to support external game controllers (gamepads), check
[here](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame_gamepad) for more information.

## AdvancedButtonComponent

> A `AdvancedButtonComponent` have separate states for each of the different pointer phases. The skin can be customized for each state. Each skin is a `PositionComponent`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AdvancedButtonComponent` have separate states for each of the different pointer phases.
The skin can be customized for each state and each skin is represented by a `PositionComponent`.
```

These are the fields that should be used to know the state of the `AdvancedButtonComponent`:

> - `defaultSkin`: Component that will be displayed on the button by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `defaultSkin`: Component that will be displayed by default on the button.
```

> - `downSkin`: Component displayed when button clicked (or touch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `downSkin`: Component displayed when the button is clicked or tapped.
```

> - `hoverSkin`: Hover component (desktop and web).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `hoverSkin`: Component displayed when the button is hovered. (desktop and web).
```

> - `defaultSelectedSkin`: The component to display when the button is selected. The button property must be IsSelectable = true. In this case, the button will have two toggle states (looks like a switch component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `defaultSelectedSkin`: The component to display when the button is selected.
The button property must be IsSelectable = true. In this case, the button will have two states
to toggle between (imagine a switch component).
```

> - `downAndSelectedSkin`: A component that displays when the selectable button is selected and pressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `downAndSelectedSkin`: The component that is displayed when the selectable button is selected and
pressed.
```

- `hoverAndSelectedSkin`: Hover on selectable and selected button (desktop and web).

> The component also supports two skins - `disabledSkin` and `disabledAndSelectedSkin` for disabled state. Achieved by setDisabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component also supports two skins, `disabledSkin` and `disabledAndSelectedSkin`, for the disabled
state. This state is achieved by using `setDisabled`.
```

Flame has a separate plugin to support external game controllers (gamepads), check
[here](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame_gamepad) for more information.

## AdvancedButtonComponent

The `AdvancedButtonComponent` have separate states for each of the different pointer phases.
The skin can be customized for each state and each skin is represented by a `PositionComponent`.

These are the fields that should be used to know the state of the `AdvancedButtonComponent`:

- `defaultSkin`: Component that will be displayed by default on the button.
- `downSkin`: Component displayed when the button is clicked or tapped.
- `hoverSkin`: Component displayed when the button is hovered. (desktop and web).
- `defaultSelectedSkin`: The component to display when the button is selected.
The button property must be IsSelectable = true. In this case, the button will have two states
to toggle between (imagine a switch component).
- `downAndSelectedSkin`: The component that is displayed when the selectable button is selected and
pressed.
- `hoverAndSelectedSkin`: Hover on selectable and selected button (desktop and web).

> The component also supports two skins, `disabledSkin` and `disabledAndSelectedSkin`, for the disabled
> state. This state is achieved by using `setDisabled`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component also supports two skins, `disabledSkin` and `disabledAndSelectedSkin`, for the
disabled state. This state is achieved by using `setDisabled`.
```

Flame has a separate plugin to support external game controllers (gamepads), check
[here](https://github.com/flame-engine/flame_gamepad) for more information.

## AdvancedButtonComponent

The `AdvancedButtonComponent` have separate states for each of the different pointer phases.
The skin can be customized for each state and each skin is represented by a `PositionComponent`.

> These are the fields that should be used to know the state of the `AdvancedButtonComponent`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the fields that can be used to customize the looks of the `AdvancedButtonComponent`:
```

- `defaultSkin`: Component that will be displayed by default on the button.
- `downSkin`: Component displayed when the button is clicked or tapped.
- `hoverSkin`: Component displayed when the button is hovered. (desktop and web).
- `defaultLabel`: Component shown on top of skins. Automatically aligned to center.
- `disabledLabel`: Component shown on top of skins when button is disabled.

> The component also support `disabledSkin`, for the disabled state. This state is achieved by using `setDisabled`.

Reviewer: Why is this one not part of the list?

## ToggleButtonComponent

> The [ToggleButtonComponent] is a [AdvancedButtonComponent] with state switching: selected and not selected

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [ToggleButtonComponent] is an [AdvancedButtonComponent] that can switch between selected and not selected
```

In addition to the already existing skins, the [ToggleButtonComponent] contains the following skins:

- `defaultSelectedSkin`: The component to display when the button is selected.

>   The button property must be IsSelectable = true. In this case, the button will have two states

Reviewer: I can't see any `isSelectable` field?

Author: He shouldn't be there

  to toggle between (imagine a switch component).
- `downAndSelectedSkin`: The component that is displayed when the selectable button is selected and
  pressed.
- `hoverAndSelectedSkin`: Hover on selectable and selected button (desktop and web).

> - `disabledAndSelectedSkin`: For selected and disabled state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `disabledAndSelectedSkin`: For when the button is selected and in the disabled state.
```

> - `defaultSelectedLabel`: Component shown on top of skins when button is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `defaultSelectedLabel`: Component shown on top of the skins when button is selected.
```
